Fix time range update for variables (#81)
VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: respect time filter for variables update. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/47)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: respect the time filter change on updating dashboard variables. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/47)
```
